Upgrade to Cypress 12.17.1 (latest) (#4981)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

config.settings.apiExpanders = [];
```

### Cypress upgraded to 12.17.1

> As usual in a Volto major version, Cypress has been upgraded to latest version to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As usual in a Volto major version release, Cypress has been upgraded to the latest version to date.
```

There are no major changes to the way the tests are implemented and run.

> However, could be that the Cypress boilerplate you are using has to be updated in your projects and add-ons in case you are using `@testing-library/cypress` in your tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it could be that your Cypress boilerplate must be updated in your projects and add-ons if you use `@testing-library/cypress` in your tests.
```

> This is due to a change in how the default commands are now built internally and `@testing-library/cypress`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is due to a change in how the default commands are now built internally and in `@testing-library/cypress`.
```

You need to move the import:

```js
import '@testing-library/cypress/add-commands';
```

> from `cypress/support/commands.js` to `cypress/support/e2e.js`, in case you have it in there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from {file}`cypress/support/commands.js` to {file}`cypress/support/e2e.js`, in case you have it in there.
```

> This is because the overrides that the `@testing-library/cypress` introduces can only be run once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because the overrides that `@testing-library/cypress` introduce can be run only once.
```

> Since there are some commands that can call exports in `cypress/support/commands.js`, this import was run more than once, then it errors.

Reviewer: It would be good to provide an example of the explicit error message for SEO. "Google for the error."

```suggestion
Since there are some commands that can call exports in {file}`cypress/support/commands.js`, this import may be run more than once, and then it errors.
```
